Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(Fireballs whooshing)
(Explosion)
(Tense music begins)
(Fighter jets roaring)
(Sizzling and hissing of fire)
(Continuous gunfire)
(Tense music)
(Suspenseful music)
(Gunshots echoing in the distance)
(Gasping)
(Distant shots ring out)
Did you get it?
Yes.
Ishtar's people will be there soon.
(Prakash) You need to get
here immediately.
(Glass breaks)
Don't let them catch you.
You are indeed a daughter
to Moothon (The Elder).
Never doubt that.
Come.
(Tense music)
(Tense music continues)
- (On phone) Found her?
- Yes.
(On phone) She is with Him.
She's got it. I need her alive.
(Gunshot)
(Glass shatters)
(Fire crackling)
(Tense music)
(Gunshots)
(Glass shatters)
(Tense music)
(Song begins)
♪ Hearken. O dwellers.
Both wise and fair ♪
♪ Maidens. lift up thy voices.
Swift be thy prayer ♪
♪ From heav'n afar.
As guests they fell ♪
♪ Like unseen shadows
On earth to dwell ♪
♪ Lo. as birds of gold they fared.
And wandereth wide. unbound. unscared ♪
♪ Child of mine. the game doth lie.
Truth made false and false made high ♪
♪ If thine eyes in wisdom wake.
Lo. the storming bolt shall break ♪
♪ The sound of war. it doth arise ♪
♪ The drum-beat echoes in the skies ♪
♪ Lo. from the clouds they now appear ♪
♪ So guard our homes and all held dear ♪
♪ Protect the wilds and hallowed ground ♪
♪ And keep the grain in vessels sound ♪
♪ To reap the harvest. ripe and sound.
Come by the ridge. the field around ♪
♪ Protect the wilds and hallowed ground ♪
(Railway station ambience)
(Indistinct chatter)
Prakash bro! Prakash bro!
(in Kannada)
She's here. Look!
(Train whistle blows)
(Soothing music)
Why have I been called here?
He only told me that
you need to be here.
Is there a problem?
I have no idea.
He will explain.
Okay.
- Who is that?
- He's from around here.
A local.
Can he be trusted?
Of course. He's like
a little brother to me.
Come.
(Vehicle moving)
(Ambient sounds fade)
♪ You can try but you'll never know ♪
♪ Live like this and to never show ♪
♪ Roots that never hold. never grow ♪
(Door closes)
♪ I'm running out of places to go ♪
You're still alive!
You haven't changed at all. girl!
You've grown old.
♪ Queen of the night ♪
♪ There's no saviour in sight ♪
♪ Futile is the fight ♪
♪ In the prison of my life ♪
What's this?
I bought it for you.
You should read it.
(Prakash) Many such books
have come and gone.
Not that they really matter.
Who is he?
This Joseph Dominic?
That's a pen name.
It's not his real name.
Anyway. of all the books
I've read in this genre.
this one stands out for its detailing.
It's richer in detail than our
legendary Aithihyamala.
You will like it.
(Faint. mythic melody)
I might not be around
the next time you come.
But my son will be here.
He knows everything.
(Car approaching)
(Car door opens)
(Prakash) Maintain a low profile.
Don't get yourself into trouble.
Kumar will handle the rest.
Okay.
(Soft. tense music)
(Door opens)
(Switch clicks)
♪ Queen of the night ♪
♪ There's no saviour in sight ♪
♪ Now it's just another day
and another place ♪
(Deep. ancient chant hums softly)
♪ Come. sit a while with me
In my garden of misery ♪
♪ A thousand souls may come and go
But time is my enemy ♪
♪ Forever and more ♪
♪ And I am your.... ♪
♪ Now it's just another day
and another place ♪
(Music fades out)
(Venu) And this is Alpha Centauri.
- (Roopa) Can you pass me the remote?
- (Venu) It's 4.37 light years away from us.
- Hey! Did you order food?
- No.
- Then who's at the door?
- (Venu) Naijil. probably.
(Electronic music plays from a speaker)
What is it?
Huh! Well...
Oh no!
Anu!
Same old grind. huh?
- Hi...
- Hi.
- What now?
- This is Scaria. my boyfriend.
Huh?
We're moving in together.
- So what?
- Scaria is allergic to cats.
- So?
- That means I can't keep Django.
Who?
You'll have to take him back.
What? No way.
- You gifted him to me.
- Me?
I don't want to give him
away to anyone else.
Buzz off!
Sunny doesn't take his gifts back.
Besides…
Venu Sir is allergic to cats.
Ugh! You and your damn Venu!
He's the reason we broke up!
(Anu) You don't need
anyone else. do you?
Anu. he's my best friend!
(Anu) Yeah. I know.
You just sit around drinking
all day. dodging work.
leeching off your family. right?
Has he even passed
his medical degree yet?
Have you?!
There you go!
No!
You've done nothing
for the past 7-8 months
since quitting your
BPO job. right?
- I'm working on my higher studies plan!
- My foot!
(Anu) You just don't wanna work.
That's all!
And where's that
good-for-nothing vagabond?
- (Naijil) Shit!
- (Sunny) Anu. stop.
I've had enough of your insults.
Just give me my cat.
I'll take care of him.
Come here.
You do know he's deaf. right?
- Yes.
- Please take good care of him. okay?
He's a harmless little thing.
- Here. take him.
- Come here.
(Cat meows)
Oh. so you've been here
all along. sir?
Yes. I was.
(Anu) This is the vagabond
I was talking about!
Never mind.
It's just a cat. right?
We'll take care of it.
Yeah.
Come on. don't be upset.
A new girl just moved into
the apartment opposite us.
(Mischievous music)
- (Sunny) She's beautiful.
- (Naijil) Tell me in detail.
- (Naijil) What was she wearing?
- (Sunny) Sheesh! Loser!
♪ Time drifts on
like a tale set free ♪
♪ Wrapping me up
like the endless sea ♪
♪ This is the age to swim
with no shore in sight ♪
(Cat meows)
Hey!
Who is this chap?
Who?
Huh!
(Venu) This guy hasn't left?
He is Roopa's friend.
(Sunny) Won't he leave?
Dude. let him lie there.
Come. let's go.
(Naijil) Chicks won't wait for us.
- It won't be a problem. right?
- Not at all!
(Venu) He looks
like an innocent chap.
♪ Oh. rhythm of my breath.
down which way ♪
♪ Did you turn
and wander far away? ♪
♪ The city is ready.
it's calling for me ♪
♪ But the roads are a maze
I can't yet see ♪
I might need more.
I'll bring it.
♪ There's something within
my heart to convey ♪
♪ But I can't seem to find
the words to say ♪
(Manager) So. you prefer night shifts?
Yeah. I have classes in the afternoon.
So nights will be better.
Works for us.
Welcome to Zed.
♪ I am Dracula.
You are Annabelle ♪
♪ My heart melts.
while the days slip away ♪
♪ There's something within
my heart to convey ♪
♪ But I can't seem to find
the words to say ♪
♪ My destiny has grown faint ♪
♪ I don't know the fate
that the future will paint ♪
♪ Time drifts on
like a tale set free ♪
♪ Wrapping me up
like the endless sea ♪
Watch this!
Check this out!
(Naijil) Bro! Dude!
(Music fades out)
(Footsteps)
Do you remember me?
So. you ditched the seminary?
Yeah.
I prefer this.
(Venu) You want some more?
(Naijil) No. I'll eat at home.
Hey. it's that girl!
- (Sunny) Gently!
- Girl? Which girl?
♪ With eyes locked on eyes ♪
(Naijil) Well. well!
The next-door-beauty!
♪ With eyes locked on eyes.
we can melt into play ♪
♪ Gently. so slowly.
we'll pull each other our way ♪
♪ Like a lamp that appears
in the hush of the night ♪
♪ I'll find the dark's secret
in your face so bright ♪
♪ O fiery woman.
I'm your shadow in stride ♪
♪ I see the path
no soul's ever tried ♪
♪ Time drifts on
like a tale set free ♪
♪ Wrapping me up
like the endless sea ♪
♪ This is the age to swim
with no shore in sight ♪
(Sunny vomits)
Don't worry. It's nothing.
Here you go.
♪ Walked in silence.
lost in haze ♪
(Johnny) She had come and met me.
(Johnny) Ask her to call me
if she needs anything.
(Johnny) Okay.
How about we light one up
and walk while skywatching?
Yeah!
(Sunny) Whoa. look! A meteor!
- (Naijil) Where?
- (Sunny) Right there! You see it?
- (Naijil) Shut up!
- (Venu) That's a flight.
- (Sunny) Flight?
- (Naijil) Yeah! Qatar Airways!
- (Venu) Is it really a flight?
- (Naijil) Meteor. huh?
(Sunny) So. where do these meteors
actually originate from?
(Venu) I don't know.
(Sunny) Even after all that
stargazing with your tube.
(Sunny) you don't really
have a clue. do you?
- (Venu) I know all that.
I needn't explain it to you.
Ready!
- (Naijil) But who could that be?
- (Sunny) Who?
- Hello? Murugesh Anna?
- (Naijil) The guy in our flat?
(in Kannada)
We've found a guy.
- (Venu) Just some nobody!
- 'Nobody'!
Lace. lace!
Huh!
What are you doing?
The other day.
a street magician on MG Road
tied his lace like this...
Stop dancing.
sit down and tie it!
Not gonna work. huh?
- Dude...
- Yes.
- That white chick I met in the bar?
- Yeah?
She has visited Kochi.
- Is it?
- Yeah!
- But she doesn't like Kochi.
- Why?
- (Naijil) I'm here. right?
- (Sunny) Sheesh!
(Naijil) She called me Pookie.
She must have meant
something else. if it's you.
- Bro! Bro!
- Just shut up. Dude!
- (in Kannada) What is it?
- Legs! His legs!
(Suspenseful music)
My good deed for the day! Done.
- Wow. such a saint!
- Fake saint!
- (Sunny) Why? Didn't you like it?
- (Naijil) No.
(News) Manu Tharakan. a 28-year-old
Kochi native who went missing last month.
is among 23 missing
persons whose disappearances
the city police suspect are linked
to an organ trafficking racket.
Among them. five are Malayalis...
- 13 are Kannadigas. three North Indians...
- (Sunny) Hey!
This is so depressing!
Isn't there anything better to watch?
I'd like to change it.
But the remote is with you. right?
Huh? With me?
Yeah.
Isn't this the remote?
Yeah!
Now it's with you. right?
Can you please change it now?!
(news continues)
Uncle!
Unc…? Hey. listen!
- She's calling you!
- What is it?
Your cat ran into the street!
- Wait. our cat?!
- Yes.
- He's not here?
- Django?
Where is he?
He's gone!
- You left the door open. didn't you?!
- Oh no!
Situation!
(Street sounds)
Where is he. dear?
Over there.
Django! Hey!
Oh! He's deaf. right?
- (Car honks)
- Stop! Stop!
Come on! Do you really
have to lick everything?
(Female voice) Sunny!
- Huh?
- Did he run out again?
He bolts every chance he gets.
Must be to escape you guys.
Ah!
What a lame joke!
(Car honks)
Huh?!
(Time slows with a distorted rushing sound)
Uncle!
(Cat meows)
(Tires screech)
(Deep. distorted whooshing)
(Car speeds up. then brakes hard)
(Car skids to loud halt)
Make some space.
Sunny. are you hurt?
(Tense music)
(Soaring. epic music fills scene)
(Epic music swells powerfully)
(Powerful. low thud)
Sunny!
Come on. get up!
- Do you want to go to the hospital?
- No.
- Don't be scared. dear.
- (Venu) Sunny!
The cat's here!
Come on up!
(Venu) Why are so many people out there?
What happened?
(Street sounds)
(Male Voice) Where are you?
I've been waiting for long.
(Female) Oops. Sorry. sorry.
(Female) It was so tough to
get out of there.
- (Male Voice) Where are you now?
- (Female) I'm crossing the road.
- (Female) Shucks!
- (On phone) Huh?
(Male Voice) What happened?
(Female) My sandal just broke.
(Male Voice) Hey! You're
wearing a Sari. right?
I've worn what you asked me to wear.
(Male Voice)
Any confusion about the route?
(Female) No. The route is okay.
- (Male Voice) Sorry I couldn't pick you up.
- Raju...
- (Male Voice) I already had a couple of drinks.
I'll make it up to you.
(Suspenseful music)
(Auto-rickshaw starts)
Follow her.
- (Male Voice) I can't wait to see you.
- I'll be there in two minutes.
- Okay?
- (Male Voice) Okay.
Auto!
No. thank you.
(Ominous music)
Madam!
- Auto...
- No. no.
(in Kannada)
Where to. Madam?
Have you lost your way?
- No. I don't need auto.
- Madam!
This area isn't safe for girls.
Tell me where you
need to go. We'll take you.
(Tense music)
(Auto-rickshaw engine running)
(Tension builds)
(Music fades out)
(Police siren wails)
(Woman gasps)
(Unsettling music)
(Tense music)
Nachiyappa!
Go! Go!
(Sinister score)
Sir. those men were harassing me.
- Are you a Malayali?
- Yes.
(in Tamil) Where are you going?
House... Home!
Are you from this area?
No. To my friend's house.
- Sir. those people were following--
- Where is your house?
HSR.
Why are you going to
your friend's place so late?
Shouldn't women be
home at this hour?
(Car approaches)
(in Kannada)
What is it?
Nothing. Madam.
Just routine checking.
What is this. Gowda?
Aren't you going to salute?
(Low. brooding theme)
(Dark. menacing music)
Why is she crying?
She got frightened by
some autorickshaw driver.
He escaped as soon as he saw me.
Madam. all okay?
Come.
Get in the vehicle.
I will drop you.
(Low. brooding theme)
(Sinister score)
(Music fades out)
Where did she come from?
And where did she go?
No clue.
You probably imagined it.
Hey… I know what I saw!
It was her! She pushed
me away from the car!
I swear on my mother!
No one else saw her. right?
I didn't see her either.
Think about it…
A car was speeding right at you.
You were sure you were dead meat.
And in that split second.
you thought of her.
That you never got the chance
to befriend her before dying.
Faced with danger.
your subconscious mind kicked in.
That subconscious mind told you;
"Jump away from the car.
or you'll die!"
And so. you jumped.
That's all.
It's just a normal reflex.
No issue!
But… your subconscious mind
is telling you something else too.
What?
That you should
make a move on her!
Oh. buzz off!
I'm off.
I've got studying to do.
(Venu) If you want to make a move.
do it before Naijil does!
(Approaching bike)
- Good night. Chandra.
- Good night.
(Sundar) I came yesterday… and the day before.
You didn't even look at me. Why?
(in Kannada)
Tell me why.
Say something!
Don't you understand?
(Rose) My hand!
- (Sundar) Who is it?
- (Rose) Please!
- (Sundar) Tell me.
- (Rose) Just go now. We'll talk later.
(Sundar) I'm not leaving until
I've said what I need to.
What?
I've come to you
because I love you. right?
I want to marry you.
I love you!
Love!
(Sundar) Do you doubt that?
Do you?
Look!
Rose!
(Sundar) I can be slightly possessive…
But I'm not crazy! I'M NOT!
Love! Madly…
in love!
I am not interested!
(Suspenseful music)
Is there someone else?
(Sundar) Tell me the truth!
Is there?
(Ominous music)
(Bottle cap clatters)
(Sundar) I won't leave you
until you say it!
Tell me… is there someone else?
Your face…
I'll mess it up so bad. no one
will ever want to see you again.
Sundar… Don't do anything stupid.
(Sundar) Are you ready?
Ready?
(Rose) No. Sundar!
Please!
(Rose) No!
(Whoosh sound)
(Gasps)
Get lost!
(Acid sizzling)
(Sundar screams)
(Tense music)
♪ Hearken. O dwellers.
Both wise and fair ♪
♪ Maidens. lift up thy voices.
Swift be thy prayer ♪
♪ From heav'n afar.
As guests they fell ♪
♪ Child of mine. the game doth lie.
Truth made false and false made high ♪
♪ If thine eyes in wisdom wake.
Lo. the storming bolt shall break ♪
(Sundar coughs)
How?!
What is this?
Who... Why is she?
Do you know who I am?
(Powerful score builds)
Enough.
Enough!
(Sundar sobs)
(Finger snaps)
(Sundar yelps in pain)
Sorry.
Sorry... Sorry. sorry!
(Epic motif resonates onward)
(Music fades out)
You saw nothing. Rose.
(Birds chirping)
(Street sounds)
(Unsettling music)
(Switch clicks)
Sir?
The girl your mom suggested…
she's good. right?
(in Tamil) I never said I
wouldn't get married.
I just don't want to
marry a girl from this city
because the girls here are....
- Jagdish!
- Sir.
(Sinister music)
Yes.
Okay. brother.
Nachiyappa is here.
(On phone) Nachiyappa.
I've got a shipment
coming to the west harbour
in two weeks.
(On phone) It should reach
my godown safely.
(On phone) Go in your uniform.
Two officers will accompany you.
But I've got night duty then.
(Nachiyappa) So. arrange
someone else to do it.
(Nachiyappa) I won't be able to do it.
I'll put someone else on night duty.
Do as the boss tells you.
Don't keep coming up with excuses.
Do you understand?
(Unsettling music)
- Understood.
- Okay.
(On phone) And Nachiyappa. someone
laid hands on my younger brother.
(On phone) If you can do
something about it. do it.
(On phone) Or else.
I'll handle it myself.
Drop it.
I'll handle it myself. I don't need
anyone else stepping in.
(Laughter on phone)
Hey…
Didn't I go over the daily patrol routes
and the CCTV spots with you?
Yes.
What the hell were you doing then?!
Drop it. Nachiyappa.
What's done is done.
The boys will be more
careful next time… Won't you?
(Sinister music swells)
(Nachiyappa) What happened?
- Glass.
- Who was it?
A girl.
A GIRL?
He tried to blackmail
a girl into loving him...
and got royally thrashed.
Hey!
Not that girl.
It was another girl.
And what did you do?
What could he do after
getting knocked out cold?
Aren't you ashamed?
I'm not ashamed!
She was no ordinary girl!
She beat the living
daylights out of me!
If she'd hit you. you'd
have been out cold too!
(Sinister music)
Come with me.
Get into my vehicle.
I was just kidding...
to annoy you.
Hey!
Come with me.
(Sundar) Look!
The girl on the right.
(Unsettling music)
(Sinister music)
(Lights buzz on)
(Chandra coughs)
(Unsettling music)
(Street ambience)
(Auto-rickshaw rumbles)
(Chandra coughs)
Can you sit here?
Errr... okay.
(Chandra coughs)
(Gentle. pleasant music)
(Unsettling music)
Awkward!
You're a Malayali. right?
Yes.
Same here.
Did you just move here?
- Yeah.
- Ah. okay.
Do you recognize me?
I live in the flat
right opposite yours.
Yeah. I know.
Sunny.
Chandra.
Whoa. your hand's freezing!
Sorr--
I'm preparing for
my higher studies.
I even quit my job for it.
Phew!
A friend of ours is celebrating
his birthday next week.
So. we're throwing a
small party at our place.
Just a small group.
A mix of guys and girls.
I've always seen you alone.
That's why I asked.
If you're free. you can join us.
November 25th.
Okay.
Thank you.
I'll try to come.
Okay. cool.
(in Kannada)
Please drop me at MG Road. brother.
Bye!
(Driver. in Kannada)
Where do you want to go?
Huh! Err...
I don't know Kannada. bro.
(Auto-rickshaw drives away)
(Venu) Roopa.
this moon will be red in
colour in two weeks' time.
Blood moon... Lunar eclipse.
You come here.
I'll show you.
(Venu) It will be a vibrant red.
- (Naijil) Sunny. my boy...
- (Sunny) What?
Where's your neighbourhood crush?
Bro...
She looked good from a distance.
But up close...
she looked kinda...
dirty.
- And she smells really weird!
- (Doorbell rings)
Think she'll show up?
- (Roopa) Sunny!
- Yeah.
There's someone at the door.
Okay.
(Retro Malayalam song remix plays)
Hello!
Why are you just standing there?
Come on in.
♪ O little bird. sweet little bird.
Off to pluck a bloom unheard ♪
♪ Among the clouds where jewels shine.
O beauty. endless and divine ♪
♪ O little bird. sweet little bird.
Off to pluck a bloom unheard ♪
- Hi.
(Cat meows)
Huh!
(Cat continues meowing)
(Frantic meowing)
(Venu) Please move.
Move. please!
(Venu) Django. don't create a scene.
(Venu) Why so much violence?
He's a bit picky.
Doesn't warm up to just anyone.
Ouch! Sorry...
(Venu) Hey. don't be like Naijil!
(Venu) You get shifty as soon
as you see girls. huh?
♪ O little bird. sweet little bird.
Off to pluck a bloom unheard ♪
Can I get you something?
(Sunny) Actually. she looks
quite good up close. right?
- Huh?
- Yeah! Yeah! Good!
(Naijil) You were right.
- What?
- She's nothing special!
Huh?
♪ Humming soft a melody.
O coolness. coolest there can be ♪
Hi.
You're basically an introvert.
aren't you?
Well. this is my party.
- Happy birthday.
- Thanks.
I'm an introvert too… selectively.
But this party is fun. right?
- Superb. huh?
- Yes.
(Venu) See anything. Chandra?
Anything at all?
- No.
- (Venu) That's not possible.
(Venu) I can see from here.
(Venu) Can't you see the moon. Chandra?
(Venu) I'm not really into medicine.
My dad forced me into it.
I'm more into stars.
galaxies. all that stuff...
(Glass cutting skin)
♪ Drawing from the celestial ocean. a nectar so divine.
Sprinkling crimson flowers so fine ♪
♪ The wandering wind comes whispering through.
Playing a golden flute for you ♪
Oh no!
Please move!
Ugh!
Does blood make you dizzy?
Same here.
Aren't you a doctor. Venu?
No way! I haven't even
passed my exams yet.
Venu. get the first aid kit.
It's over there.
(Venu) I'll get it.
Someone else will do it. right?
(Unsettling music)
(Haunting music)
(Sunny) Chandra.
You are okay. right?
(Sunny) Come inside.
(Naijil) Come. Sunny!
It's game time!
♪ Flying high through skies of blue.
Searching lands both old and new ♪
♪ Humming soft a melody.
O coolness. coolest there can be ♪
♪ O little bird. sweet little bird.
Off to pluck a bloom unheard ♪
♪ Among the clouds where jewels shine.
O beauty. endless and divine ♪
- (Sunny) Do you want something?
- (Chandra) No.
- I'm good.
- What are you ordering?
(Unsteady. warped sounds)
Chicken is fine. right?
(Sound warps and trembles)
(Calling bell rings)
Get the money from Naijil.
Okay?
Excuse me.
Yes. sir?
(Ominous music)
Hey!
(in Kannada)
What's happening here?
Sir... we don't know Kannada.
Are you from Kerala?
Yes. sir.
Look here.
We got complaints from neighbours.
- Lot of noise. Loud music.
- Get some cash.
- Give it.
- What? Is it a party?
Sir. it's my happy birthday.
- Oh! Yours?
- Yes. sir.
What is it?
Marijuana?
Sir...
Some money...
Sir. check this out!
There's both weed and hush money!
(Venu) Do we have to
bribe him as well?
Yes. tell me.
I'll be late.
Have food and go to bed.
Okay?
Okay.
Hey. move.
Look. Sir.
So. tell me...
Is it from Idukki
or Bangalore?
Sir… first time…
Just for fun…
Oh. really?
This is fun?
Why not play Carrom or
some singing games instead?
Why not have fun like that?
This stuff will wreck your
health. brother. Take care.
(Tense music)
- (Venu) Shall I bribe this officer?
- (Naijil) Shut up. man!
(Ominous music)
What else have you got here?
Cocaine? Heroin?
Nothing else. sir!
Only this.
Nothing!
- Nothing else. right?
- No.
Fine. Then we're searching everyone.
We're screwed!
You know what happens
if we arrest you. right?
Sir... Please. sir!
Last warning. sir!
So. Jagdish...
What should we book them for?
Drugs?
Or immoral activity?
Immoral?
Sir... Nothing immoral. sir!
Only moral.
(Sunny) Just a normal birthday party.
Small cake cutting...
(Sunny) Tell him!
There are plenty of sex parties
happening in this city.
And here. you've got weed...
and girls too!
So isn't that what's going on here?
No. sir.
What no?
(Unsettling music)
What is that?
Search her.
Move.
(Nachiyappa) Don't be afraid.
Hands up.
Sir... I don't have...
- Come on. raise your hands!
- Sir... No. sir!
Please. sir. We are
very decent people. sir.
Please. sir. I don't
have anything. sir.
- Hands up!
- Sir. I think there's a mistake!
- No. no! Hands up!
- Please. sir!
Hands up!
Can't you hear me?
(Unsettling music)
(Unsettling music intensifies)
(Roopa) Sir!
(Roopa) Sir. please!
(Nachiyappa) Leave her.
This is last warning.
(Sinister music)
What's your name?
Chandra.
Nice name.
- Music...
- Okay. sir.
Okay. sir.
Phew!
(Naijil) God!
(Venu) We could have given
them money though.
(Venu) Poor guys!
(Venu) Naijil. awesome party. huh?
- (Sunny) Roopa...
- You don't know how it feels.
- (Sunny) It's okay.
- He almost put his hand in my pocket.
Yeah. yeah. I know.
But nothing happened. right?
You don't understand.
Just relax.
Okay?
It's okay.
Awesome birthday party. right?
- It's okay.
- (Naijil) I really hate such loud parties.
- It's okay!
- Ouch!
- (Naijil) Do you like it. Chandra?
- Huh! Sorry!
Sorry. Chandra.
Err... Roopa...
- (Sunny) You just relax. Okay?
- (Naijil) What's your star sign? I'm a Sagittarian.
(Naijil) Sagis are really
cool people in...
- life and...
- Umm... So. shall I leave?
Huh?
(Naijil) Are you leaving?
But you can stay for some more time.
(Chair scrapes)
Thank you for having me.
It's been a while.
I had fun.
It's okay.
- Take care.
- Yeah.
Hu... Hug?
(Mischievous music)
Bro. I only went for her 'cause
you said you weren't interested!
When the hell did I
say I wasn't interested?
- You said it! Don't deny it!
- Huh?
- Where the hell are you going?
- For a walk.
- Huh?
- Just going for a walk.
Hey!
(Playful music)
(Indistinct conversations)
(Sunny) He got inside?
Huh?
(Cat meows)
(Sunny) Don't close...
She closed it!
(Cat meows)
(Playful music)
(Phone ringing)
Hello?
Good morning. Aunty.
(Naijil's mom) Is Naijil home?
No. he's not here.
- He told me he'd be
staying at your place.
- I've been calling
him. but no response.
Wonder where he's wandering!
- If he shows up.
tell him to call me.
Okay. Aunty.
I will tell him.
Venu..
Venu...
- What?
- Naijil hasn't reached home yet.
His mom just called.
(Sunny) I tried calling him.
His phone is switched off.
He must be in
Chandra's apartment.
Lucky guy!
(Playful music)
- Hi. Uncle.
- Huh? Yeah!
(Switch clicks)
(Knocking on door)
(Suspenseful music)
Shucks!
(Faint sound of glass breaking inside)
Chandra...
It's me. Sunny.
(Sunny) Can you please open the door?
- (Chandra) NO!
- (Sunny) Huh!
Well...
Naijil's in there. right?
(Chandra) Who?
Naijil... Naijil!
(Chandra) There's no one here.
Just go. Sunny.
Huh?!
No one?
But didn't he come
here last night?
(Chandra) Just go. Sunny.
(Chandra) Don't irritate me.
Let me sleep.
Sorry! Sorry!
(Distorted sounds)
Huh!
There's something wrong!
(Tense music)
The two of them...
Are they fooling me?
He... Huh?
There goes a third one!
(Knocking on door)
(Door opens)
Oh!
(Pensive music)
(Tense music)
This guy...??
(Car horn honks)
(Tense music)
(Naijil) Can you guys come?
- (Naijil) If you guys come... urgh...
- What is he saying?
- (Naijil) Dude. I am...
Chandra's flat...
(Naijil) I think I got screwed.
(Naijil) She... She isn't...
- (Naijil) She isn't the person
we thought she was.
(Naijil) Can you guys come?
- (Naijil) If you guys come... ahh... urgh...
- Hey...
What the hell is this?
He's probably passed
out somewhere. wasted.
He'll get up and stumble
home once he sobers up.
Oh no!
My credit card is with him!
Damn!
Hey! Come with me!
(Suspenseful music)
Hey… isn't it that guy?
That's Kumar.
When did he get out of jail?
- Wait. jail?
- Yeah.
Narcotics busted him with MDMA.
He did some time behind bars.
I didn't even know he got out.
We're sorted. Sunny.
He sources the best stuff.
(Anxious music)
(Anxious music continues)
(Eerie sound)
(Malayalam movie "Kadamattathachan"
playing on TV)
(From TV) Are you going
through the temple ground?
- Yes.
- My house is just past that jungle.
Can I come along?
- Hey...
- Yeah...
Should we call the police?
- What for?
- (Chandra) Sunny...
(Tense music)
Hello!
Come in. the cat's inside.
No need to be scared.
It's okay. I have
work to get to.
- Sunny. can I talk to you for a sec?
- Me?
- What is it?
- I'm sorry.
If my sleep's disturbed.
I get a bit angry.
I said some stuff I didn't mean.
Sorry.
It's okay.
I came looking for Naijil.
- His phone is switched off.
- Naijil was not with me.
Huh!
He was not with you?! Then...
(Unsettling music)
- What?
- Huh?
No...
Venu's credit card is with him.
So...
It was an emergency.
Do you need some cash?
No. we're good.
If you need anything.
just tell me.
Okay then.
I'll go. I'm late for work.
Okay.
(Suspenseful music)
(Door closes)
(Suspenseful music continues)
- Hey…
- What?
I have a weird intuition.
What?
I have a strong feeling
Naijil is still in her apartment.
Oh. damn. Lucky guy!
Dude. that's not what I meant!
Something's happened to him.
This Chandra…
I've got a bad feeling about her.
Many random guys keep visiting her.
And that Kumar guy…
Isn't he a known criminal?
He just supplies weed
and stuff. right?
Is that even a crime. Sunny?
Well…
What if these guys
are the organ mafia?
No way!
No way...
Listen…
People aren't always
who they pretend to be.
We barely know anything about her;
who she is. where she's from.
(Tense music)
(Tense music continues)
- Shall I tell you something?
- Yes.
I'm going to follow her quietly.
Meanwhile. can you sneak into
her apartment and take a look?
I think he's still in there.
Okay.
(Tense music)
(Traffic sounds)
(Dog growling)
(Ominous music)
(Car horn honks)
Oh no!
- Dude!
- Huh?!
(Naijil) Sir. thank you so much!
Good night!
- Hey. Venu!
- Where were you?
Man. where do I even start?
So. I went for a walk
with Chandra. you know?
Then she was like.
"Let's go to my place instead."
She opened the door.
stepped inside...
- She didn't let you in. huh?
- Huh!
- She didn't let you in. right?
- Nope.
She straight-up
shut the door on me.
And then?
I figured I'd just head home.
But as soon as I got in my car.
the cops pulled me over.
And then?
I reached into my
pocket for my license…
and out falls a pack of weed!
Boom! Busted on the spot.
At least I'm out now.
Hey...
Where are you headed?
We barely even know Chandra. man.
Huh!?
(Motorbike engine revs)
(Unsettling music)
(Dog barking)
(Running footsteps)
(Tense music continues)
(Suspenseful music)
She is coming.
(Dread-inducing music)
- Fill it up all the way.
- The dosage is too high already.
- She will die!
- Just fill it up. you rascal!
(Suspenseful music)
I'm taking her kidney today!
She's almost here.
(Suspenseful music)
(Syringe pierces skin)
(Chandra sighs)
Get her inside.
(Tense music)
Fast. fast!
Faster!
(Metal bending)
Raju!
What are you staring at?
Push her inside!
(Groaning)
Hey!
Hey! Someone's coming!
- Come on. quick!
- We can't!
Push! Push her inside!
- Start the vehicle. Let's go.
- Stop there!
Stop!
Hey!
(Tense music)
Call the police!
Police!
Please!
(Music fades out)
(Old man laughs)
Can't sleep?
Nope!
(Old man laughs)
Will you sleep if I tell you a story?
Yes!
What story shall I tell you tonight?
Tell me the one about the Yakshi (Vampire)!
Aha!
Yeah! The Yakshi story!
(Old man laughs)
Long. long ago...
Many centuries before our time...
Where this bustling city now stands.
there once was a huge forest.
It was the age of mighty
kings and grand kingdoms.
The king ruled from
a magnificent palace.
And right beside the palace
stood a temple. ancient and sacred.
This king was a faithful devotee
of the fierce Goddess Kaali.
Each morning. without fail. he'd
visit the temple to offer his prayers.
(Girl) Is this story about that king?
Patience. my child.
We'll get there.
Deep in that very forest...
lived a curious little girl with
eyes as round and bright as yours.
(Hopeful music)
♪ Ye children. scan the skies! ♪
♪ From far. her form doth rise! ♪
And this... is the story
of that little girl.
♪ Ye children. scan the skies! ♪
♪ From far. her form doth rise! ♪
Each day. when the king
visited the temple.
the little girl and her friends
would watch him from afar.
(Girl) Why didn't they enter the temple?
They weren't allowed to. my dear.
Only the king's kin
and a privileged few
were allowed inside the temple.
(Horse neighs)
But one day. the little girl
and her friends...
quietly slipped in
without anyone noticing.
(Divine music)
Frightened by the priest's sudden
appearance. the girl ran without thinking.
In the scramble. a bead she had
found there ended up in her hands.
(Boy) Oh no! Run!
Oh. no!
What happened after that?
Well. since the bead was
found from the temple floor...
the children offered
it to their goddess.
When the king found out.
he was enraged.
He believed the children
had trespassed into his temple
and had taken the bead
that belonged to the deity.
And to make matters worse. they'd dared
to tie it onto their own goddess's idol!
The king was furious
beyond measure!
And then?
Blinded by fury. the king set
the temple ablaze.
(Temple burning)
(Frantic groaning)
He ordered that the families of the children
who had entered the temple be killed.
When they found out that
they were going to be killed...
they fled and took shelter in a
hidden cave deep within the forest.
(Anklets jingle and crickets chirp)
And within that cave. there was
something no one had ever known.
A...
A power... mysterious and ancient.
(Bats screeching)
(Waterfall roaring)
(Soft. tense music)
(Mythical music)
(Bats screeching)
(Child's terrified cry)
(Girl) Amma!
(Bats screeching)
(Child and father groan)
(Boy) Let go of me!
- (Mother) Let go!
- (Boy) It hurts!
- Let me go!
- Kunji!
Kunji!
(Waterfall roaring)
(Soothing music)
As the little girl
emerged from the cave...
It was clear that something
within her had changed.
Even she didn't quite understand
what had happened to her.
(Distant train sounds)
(Whistling)
(Suspenseful music)
(Dogs barking)
(More dogs barking)
(Jungle ambience)
(Child groans)
(Child cries)
(Boy) Amma!
(Child crying)
(Girl coughs)
(Dogs barking)
(Dog barking)
(Tense music continues)
(Dogs barking)
(Slicing sound)
(Dog whimpering in pain)
(Dog goes silent)
(Humming a tune)
Hi.
Good morning.
(Mother crying)
(Mother) Kunji... Go!
Kunji... Go now!
(Mother) Run!
Amma!
Kunji... Run now!
(Mother) Kunji... Run!
Go!
Run!
Release her!
- (Father) Hands off her!
- Amma! Amma!
Amma! Amma!
(Father) Let go of Kunjipennu!
(Father) Release her. now!
(Angry growl)
Appa!
(Kunji) Appa!
(Mother sobs loudly)
Appa!
(Stabbing sound)
(Child screams)
(Mother sobs)
♪ Hither. come this way ♪
(Mother screams)
♪ To this very shore ♪
♪ Let heavens guide thy path ♪
(Woman crying)
(Tense music)
(Bones break)
(Painful groan)
(Ominous music)
(Anklets jingle)
(Chandra grunts)
You have no idea who
you're messing with!
You'll find out soon enough.
My brother's on his way.
Wait and watch!
We'll slice you up like minced meat.
No one will even know
if you're dead or alive.
(Tense music)
No trace will remain of you.
How dare you lay your
hand on a man?
(Chandra groans)
Are you ready?
(Painful growl)
(Anklets jingle)
(Soaring. triumphant score)
(Painful growl)
(Thud)
(Soaring. triumphant score)
(Music gains epic. emotional force)
(Child screams)
(Sound of flowing blood)
(Biting and slurping)
(Angry groans)
(Child screams)
Yakshi!
Kaaliyamma!
(Bells chiming)
(Fierce brawl erupts)
(Thumping score swells)
(Sounds of intense physical combat)
Run. now!
Go!
(Fierce fighting continues)
(Sharp. tearing slice)
Amma!
(Blade withdraws;
blood spurts)
(Kunji) Amma!
(Kunji crying)
(Kunji screams)
(Kunji's loud scream)
(Angry growl)
(Powerful. sweeping score)
(Gouging squelch)
(Whoosh sound)
(Thud)
(Music crescendos)
(Bones cracking)
(Music fades out)
(Thud)
(Kunji crying)
Amma. what's happening to me?
The gods have gifted you a
power beyond our understanding.
Even I don't know what it is.
Perhaps the Gods chose you…
to fight for folk like us.
For the helpless and the hunted.
Wield it only for what is right.
(Kunji crying)
You must leave. my child.
Go. little one.
Many more people shall come.
seeking you.
Go. child… Go.
Away. now!
Run!
♪ Ye children. scan the skies! ♪
♪ From far. her form doth rise! ♪
(Horse neighs)
Who?
Who did this?
(Thumping music builds intensely)
It was Neeli!
Neeli. of the Kalliyankattu Forests!
(Epic music continues playing)
And so. little Neeli grew up...
blossoming into a young woman.
(Dog howls)
She could not bear the sunlight.
She longed for the night instead.
As everyone she loved left her.
one after another...
Neeli set off on her own journey.
Each time she stepped into a new land...
she would seek out
the vilest people there.
slay them.
and drink their blood.
And so. to the forest dwellers.
Neeli became a goddess.
To everyone else.
she was a Yakshi.
How do you know all this. Grandpa?
Your old grandpa found a book...
It was written by a Christian priest.
It holds many tales
within its pages.
So… is Neeli actually a superhero?
Well. if you put it that way...
Yeah!
She's a kind of superhero. alright.
And there's something more. too.
Neeli is immortal.
That means…
she can never die.
(Sombre. reflective melody plays)
So… Neeli's lucky. right?
Not quite.
She's not as lucky as you might think.
Every superhero has a weakness.
And one day. someone
who knew Neeli's weakness
set out to capture her.
Who was it?
A Kathanar (Priest)!
(Soaring music of sacred sorcery)
(Waterfall roaring)
(Rising tense music)
(Reverent. holy music plays)
(Blade pierces flesh)
(Runic chants and a hallowed choir)
- (Old man) And then. the Kathanar...
- (Female) Enough!
Stop filling her
head with your madness!
Come here. Time for bed.
(Machine beeping)
Good night.
So… did Neeli actually die?
Neeli is still out there.
And I'm going to find her.
(Music swells gradually)
(Chandra) Who is he?
(Chandra) This Joseph Dominic?
(Tom Issac) That's a pen name.
(Tom Issac) It's not his real name.
♪ Hearken. O dwellers.
Both wise and fair ♪
♪ Maidens. lift up thy voices.
Swift be thy prayer ♪
♪ From heav'n afar.
As guests they fell ♪
♪ Like unseen shadows
On earth to dwell ♪
♪ Lo. as birds of gold they fared.
And wandereth wide. unbound. unscared ♪
♪ ♪
(Ominous music)
(Sunny groans)
(Startling sound)
(Fearful breathing)
Sunny. I'll give you two options.
Option one...
Help me dispose of these bodies.
Option two?
(Dread-filled music swells)
One! One!
(Phone ringing)
(Venu) Where are you?
What is it. Venu?
Huh?
Sunny... Where is Sunny?
Sunny crashed here for the night.
Crashed where?
Who's speaking?
It's me. Venu.
Chandra.
Oh!
You don't need me to wake him up. do you?
He passed out exhausted.
No! Don't wake him up.
Let him be!
I just called to check.
I'm sorry.
Nice! Smart fellow!
(Tense music)
(Grand. orchestral theme rises)
♪ Hearken. O dwellers.
Both wise and fair ♪
♪ Maidens. lift up thy voices.
Swift be thy prayer ♪
♪ From heav'n afar.
As guests they fell ♪
♪ Like unseen shadows
On earth to dwell ♪
♪ Lo. as birds of gold they fared.
And wandereth wide. unbound. unscared ♪
(Bodies sizzling in acid)
(Sunny vomits)
(Crickets chirping)
Hey!
That day… when the car almost hit me...
were you there. Chandra?
(Distant dog barking)
Yes.
Who are you. really?
(Sunny) I've figured you're
not exactly human.
I saw your fangs.
Are you a...
Yakshi or something?
Huh?
Yes!
(Thud)
(Distant dog barking)
(Suspenseful music)
(Eerie music)
(Sunny groans)
(Suspenseful music)
(Traffic sounds)
(Video on phone) Like I mentioned
in my last video.
(On phone) there's a shadow realm
that exists alongside ours.
(On phone) If we truly open our eyes
and pay attention.
(On phone) we can see the signs
of its presence all around us.
(On phone) And the more we observe.
(On phone) the more we realize;
things aren't what they seem.
(Venu) What?
I won't come!
(Suspenseful music)
(Burning sound)
(Music swells)
(Sunny screams)
(Venu makes funny noises)
(Skin searing)
Oh no!
Sorry!
I didn't know!
(Shrill. unnerving music)
(Slurping blood)
(Resists vomiting)
(Skin healing)
(Shrill. unnerving music)
(Thud)
(Shelf scrapes; papers shuffle)
Is your whole family like this?
(Faint rustling of pages)
Well. I was just wondering…
were you born this way?
It's a virus.
Some viruses take lives.
(Chandra) This one
made me like this.
Oh!
This...
Is this contagious?
Yes. it could…
if I bite you.
(Paper rustles softly)
Before coming here.
where were you. Chandra?
Sweden.
Oh!
It's a nice place. isn't it?
Then what made you come here?
I've never been able to stay
in one place for over 20 years.
- 20 years?!
- There's always some kind of trouble.
And I move to a different place.
It's been like that for centuries.
Huh? Centuries?
So...
So. how old are you. really?
Older than you can imagine.
You sure don't look it.
Thanks!
Okay.
So… can I head home now?
(Whoosh sound)
Not yet!
Why were you following me?
Just like that.
- Just like that?
- Well… no.
I saw them trying
to abduct you.
So. I chased after them.
Why?
To save you!
Me?
Then I realized… that
you didn't need my help.
(Knocking on door)
Someone's at the door.
What is it?
- I'll give it to him.
- No. I'll give it to him.
Where's your phone?
(Door closes)
- It got switched off.
- It's your old man!
(Phone beeps)
Hello. Uncle.
I'll put him on.
Here you go.
Hold it! What is it?
(Sunny) Hello...
(Sunny) Papa...
(Sunny) Last night. I was...
Chandra. are you serious about him?
Or is it just time-pass?
Whatever it is. just
be upfront with him.
(Venu) He's a sensitive soul.
I won't let you break his heart.
Oh. don't give me that look.
I won't allow it.
End of story.
- (Sunny) Would you know if I tell
you the company's name?
- (Sunny) The company's name is Brittoli.
Brittoli Limited.
- (Sunny) That's why I said you
wouldn't know. Papa...
(Sunny) Can I explain it to you later?
Bad manners!
- Oh!
- (Sunny) I'll call you later.
Let's go!
Shall we go then?
- Yeah. let's go.
- Shall we?
Shall we leave?
- (Venu) Sunnyboy!
You're really tired. aren't you?
(Startling sound)
What is it?
Sunny!
I trust you.
I am really scared.
The only thing you should scared of…
is me.
- Okay.
- (Venu) Is there no end to this?
Let go of my hand!
(Door closes)
Hey!
What is it?
You've been all jumpy
since you got back.
Is this getting serious. Sunnyboy?
I need to tell you a few things.
Ah. yes! Come on. spill it.
And don't skip the details!
But you can't tell
anyone about this.
- I can't guarantee that.
- Huh!
If you tell anyone.
both our lives will be in danger.
As if it's India's nuclear secret.
Just tell me!
Hey...
Our Chandra...
Not 'our' Chandra.
'Your' Chandra.
- She...
- She...?
She is a different type of woman.
Which 'type'?
She is a...
She is a...?
She is a Yakshi!
Yes! Yes!
Did she suck your blood dry. Sunnyboy?
This is not that. you fool!
Real Yakshi!
Vampire! Vampire!
She's got fangs and everything!
I saw her sink her teeth into two guys.
rip them open. and drink their blood!
I swear. my hands and
legs won't stop trembling!
She dragged me along as
she carried three corpses.
dumped them into an acid factory
and made them dissolve!
Oh god. the smell when those
bodies melted…
Horrible!
Yeah!
She said if I told anyone.
she'd kill both me and them.
Huh?! Then why the
hell did you tell me?!
You know I suck at
keeping secrets. right?!
Oh crap! I forgot about that!
What the hell do we do now?!
- (Chandra) I will tell you.
- Huh?
Oh no!
(Shrill. unnerving music)
Dude. does this thing fly?
I don't know.
(Venu) Dude... run!
(Venu groans)
(Shrill. unnerving music)
Please don't hurt him!
Please!
(Neck snaps)
(Terrifying score intensifies)
Don't run.
(Sunny) Holy mother of God!
(Panting)
(Sunny panting)
(Ominous music)
(Deep. menacing score)
(Whoosh sound)
(Dread-filled music swells)
(Music crescendos)
♪ She cometh! ♪
♪ With speed. she doth glide ♪
♪ She draweth nigh! ♪
♪ Swiftly she moves. bright and bold ♪
(Old man laughs loudly)
♪ Behold! She doth arrive! ♪
It's game over!
Huh?
(Sunny screams)
(Scream echoes)
(Sunny continues panting)
What is it?
Nothing.
(Sunny gasps in terror)
(Indistinct chatter)
(Distant train approaching)
(Unnerving. tense score)
(in Kannada)
Sir. we checked the auto.
We found a blood-stained
bottle and a syringe in it.
Can you also check once. sir?
(Camera shutter clicks)
(Unnerving. tense score)
(Sinister score)
(Water drips into bucket)
(Crickets chirping)
(Sunny) What are we doing here?
I need to collect something.
Well...
Why do I have to be here for that?
Just wanted some company.
We're not that close. though… right?
(Heart thumping rapidly)
Relax.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
If I wanted to. you'd be
dead already; just like them.
(Heartbeat slows)
Phew!
(Distant dog barking)
(Ancient. divine melody echoes)
(Divine. archaic score swells softly)
(Door opens)
Hello. Chandra Akka.
Come in.
(Door closes)
(Indistinct street chatter)
(Typing)
(How to kill a real Yakshi)
(Door opens)
Don't call the café anymore.
If I don't see you.
I'll come here.
Okay. sister.
Your phone...
- I need to check a location.
- Err...
(Chandra: Hmm?)
(Clumsy. playful melody)
What's your blood group. Sunny?
O negative.
O negative is hard to come by.
Oh...
But somehow. Kumar
always manages to get it.
Huh!
(Clumsy. playful melody)
Do... do you only drink O negative?
It is the purest blood group.
And it's quite tasty too!
Tasty?!
(Gulping sound)
(in Kannada)
Doesn't he drink tea?
Who? Him?
Total teetotaler.
The guy you saw...
See if he's there.
(Tense score)
(Naijil) Hey! Come on!
(Naijil) Come! Let's play.
No...
I'm not in the mood.
- (Naijil) What's up with you?
- (Sunny) You guys play.
You don't need us
now that you've got her. right?
(Venu) Come. Let's play.
(Naijil) Come on!
(Naijil) Good!
(Naijil) Pass the ball. Venu.
(Naijil) Pass it to them.
Sir! Over there!
(Deep. chilling sound)
Oh. this guy?
Sir...
That sex party people!
Chandra!
(Tense music)
(Nachiyappa) As soon as you get it.
call me.
Sir. Sir! That's the girl I saw!
(Sinister score)
- Jagdish...
- Sir.
Get his statement and let him go.
- Okay. Sir.
- I'll come there.
Okay.
(Box closes)
The case won't go anywhere
without a body. Sunny.
Oh. is that so?
Okay.
Will they find the body?
Body...
They won't find the body.
Of course. they won't.
So. don't be stressed.
Okay.
Here...
Is there anything here
to drink. besides blood?
No.
Come. let's go out.
(Street sounds)
(Traffic sounds)
(Low. unsettling score)
(Door opens)
(Footsteps)
(Door creaks)
(Door closes)
(Window opens)
(Footsteps)
(Door opens)
(Anxious. tense score builds)
(Ominous. foreboding theme)
(Cap clatters)
(Deep. disturbing music)
(Refrigerator door opens)
I'll send you the location.
Just a minute.
I'll call you back.
(Music turns deeply unnerving)
Is your real name
actually Chandra?
Err...
My real name is Neeli.
Neeli...
(Deep. disturbing music)
Huh?!
Neeli...?!
You mean...
Wait… You mean...
Kalliyankattu...
Kalliyankattu Neeli.
the infamous Yakshi?!
That would be me.
(Dread-filled score swells)
But wait…
Didn't Kathanar or someone…
kill you by driving a nail into your head.
as the legend goes?
Huh?
(Epic. suspenseful music starts)
(Soaring music of sacred sorcery)
(Neeli breathes heavily)
(Frantic. pounding heartbeat)
There's no need to be afraid.
I only did it to convince the villagers
that I had exorcised you.
I never intended to kill you.
(Church bell tolls)
I am well aware of your
weaknesses and strengths.
You became this way
because something that defies
death has fused with your blood.
You're not the only one
of your kind. Neeli.
There are others like you too.
They are neither human…
nor of this world.
Amongst them.
some are good… like you.
And others who are dangerous.
Each one possesses
their own unique strengths…
and weaknesses.
I'm just human.
I can't fight them alone.
There are two I cannot
handle on my own.
To capture them.
I need your help.
Who are those two?
One of them is a Chathan (Goblin).
Have you ever heard of Chathans. Neeli?
I'll explain everything.
But first. there's someone
we need to meet.
Who is that?
Moothon (The Elder).
(Majestic. dramatic score swells)
(Music fades out)
We were friends.
Huh?
Friends?
I always believed
those were just myths.
Do you have any idea...
how many so-called myths
and legends are actually real?
(Pensive music)
(Door opens)
(Door rumbles sideways)
(Suspenseful music)
(Thumping. mythic score builds)
(Eerie sound)
(Footsteps)
(Keys jingle)
(Tense score)
(Gun cocks)
(Music builds; high tension)
(Window opens)
(Window shutter creaks in wind)
I see you!
(Sudden. fast whoosh)
Hey!
Who the hell are you?
Are you into black magic
or something?
I know damn well
that you're the one who killed them.
Do you even know who they were?
Whose men they were?
You and your little sidekick...
They'll have you both dead!
They'll be here the moment I leave.
That's only if you leave.
(Glass shatters)
(Continuous gunfire)
Huh!
(Gunfire continues)
Naijil!
(Glass shatters from gunshot)
- (Naijil) What?
- (Venu) Come!
(Rapid. tense score intensifies)
(High-pitched screech)
(Loud scream)
(Door opens)
Oh. no!
Chandra!
(Scream continues)
- Get out of here. Sunny!
- No. no!
Don't hurt him!
There's no other way.
If you kill him. we'll be screwed!
He's a cop!
Chandra...
Why don't you just go...
to the next place. Chandra?
Huh?
(Heartfelt score)
(Rapid. tense score intensifies)
(Nachiyappa groans)
Sunny!
(Naijil) What was that noise?
(Gunshot)
(Bullet hits wall)
(Sunny sighs)
(Music turns deeply unnerving)
Chan...
Cha...
Sunny!
(Venu) Sunny!
Hey!
(Naijil) Sunny!
Sunny!
Hey!
- Hey!
- Sunny!
Hey!
(Nachiyappa screams)
(Painful groaning)
(Deep. disturbing music)
(Naijil) Sunny!
Shucks!
(Ominous. foreboding theme)
(Music fades out)
(Anxious. tense score builds)
(Auto-rickshaw rumbles)
(Sunny) Oh God!
(Venu) Sunny... Come on...
(Naijil) Hold him. Venu!
Give me your hand!
(Naijil) Look! A wheelchair!
(Venu) Let's make him sit.
Easy. easy! Okay.
What is this place?
There's no one here!
Why did you bring us here?
(Naijil) Are there no lights here?
- (Naijil) It's okay. Sunny!
- Chandra!
(Sunny cries out in pain)
- (Venu) Where are you going?
- (Naijil) To look for the main switch!
Sunny...
(Anxious. tense score builds)
(Main switch clicks on)
(Sunny gasps. groaning)
(Venu) Sunny...
Don't close your eyes. Sunny!
(Birds chirping)
(Sunny sobs)
Is this the clinic you
were talking about?
(News) ...have escaped.
An extensive search. all over the city...
(Sunny) It won't stop bleeding!
(Sunny sobs)
Oh no!
Hey!
Look at this!
Sunny and Chandra's photos
are all over the news!
The police and NIA raided
both our place and hers.
(Naijil) They're calling Chandra a
terrorist on every channel!
Look at this.
(News report continues)
There's nowhere else we can go.
Venu. you need to treat Sunny.
Huh! Me?
Just check the injury. Venu.
It looks like a flesh wound.
Hey... at least take a look!
You know I have no
clue about this. right?!
I only know a little theory!
I flunked all my practicals!
Can you do something. Chandra?
Idiot! Can't you see
she's dizzy from the blood?
Aren't you a medical student?
Do something!
Just stop the bleeding!
(Chandra) It looks like a flesh wound.
(Chandra) Otherwise. he'll go into
haemorrhagic shock!
After that. five minutes max!
Sunny will die.
(Sunny cries)
- I don't want to die now!
- Just shut up!
Nothing will happen to you!
I'll take care of you.
(Chandra) I'll tell you what to do.
Just follow my instructions.
Can you please shut up?
Hey! See if that autorickshaw
driver is still around.
Let's take him to the Medical College.
Listen to me. Venu.
- It's not safe to leave now.
- You don't get to talk!
You're the reason for this mess.
You go and check!
(Chandra) Don't go. Naijil.
Who are you to give orders?
Go now!
(Sudden. fast whoosh)
This girl is driving me nuts!
Venu!
(Sunny groans)
Chandra...
Step aside.
Don't make me get rough.
- (Sunny) Venu...
- (Venu) Move... Move!
Get out of my way!
(Music becomes frantic. dramatic)
Move!
(Venu growls)
(Venu groans)
(Venu groans. wincing)
Just do what I say!
(Naijil) Leave him. Chandra!
(Fanged. guttural snarl)
(Naijil screams)
(Thud)
Hey! Move. move! Move!
Hey. hey! Move!
(Cameras clicking)
That was investigating officer
Inspector Nachiyappa Gowda
who declined to comment.
(Cacophony of sounds)
It's me.
(Prakash) Where are you?
I'm at Michael's clinic.
Why did you go to him now?
You should have called Johnny
and gone to his place. right?
(Prakash) Don't drag
Michael also into this.
(Prakash) He is a reckless fool!
But these boys...
- (Chandra) I can't possibly go. leaving
them here in such a state.
- (Chandra) I'm the reason
they are in trouble. So--
(Moothon) No.
Moothon says that you
shouldn't stay here any longer.
- But I...
- (Prakash) Just listen to me.
He warns that greater
dangers are on the horizon.
(Prakash) You were summoned
here to stay with him.
(Prakash) That's when you...
(Prakash) Go to Johnny's place
immediately.
(Hangs up phone)
(News) That was investigating officer
Inspector Nachiyappa Gowda
who declined to comment.
Join us on this special
one hour exclusive
as we investigate
organ trade in the city.
its impact on individuals and communities
and what can be done to combat it.
Huh!
(Birds fluttering)
(Squeaking sound)
(News) Good evening and welcome
to Evening Bulletin.
Our top story tonight!
A shocking development
in the ongoing investigation...
(Mischievous theme)
I would like to have a whiskey
on the rocks. please.
(Whimsical theme)
Authorities have confirmed
that the suspects' whereabouts
remain unknown at this time.
prompting a massive
man-hunt across the city.
The suspects managed to flee the scene
after the violent exchange.
The officer's condition
is currently stable.
The authorities have confirmed that...
Sir...
That boy and girl they're flashing
on the news right now...
I dropped them at a clinic
earlier today. sir.
Yes. sir.
Several fake passports have been discovered
in connection with one of the suspects.
Chandra Ananya. aged 28.
Among them. were Pakistani
and Afghan IDs.
raising concerns about the involvement
of cross-border elements in this case.
Neeli!
Urging the public to remain vigilant.
Authorities are warning
that the individuals
are considered armed
and extremely dangerous.
Following these developments.
law enforcement has issued a
lookout notice under UAPA laws
for Chandra and
23-year-old Sunny Kurian.
With all security measures in place.
efforts to find the culprits
have been intensified.
Several fake passports
related to Chandra.
who is connected to the
incident. have been seized.
Some of these passports are
from Pakistan and Afghanistan.
Authorities have warned that
these individuals are extremely
dangerous and armed.
(Pounding. grand. atmospheric music)
(News in Kannada) Investigations
into this incident
suggest a possible connection
to international organizations...
Nachiyappa!
Look-out notices have been issued
against both Chandra and Sunny Kurian.
After calling us here for a
compromise talk.
where the hell is he?
(Sweeping. heroic score)
He will be here soon.
An official statement has been
released that a suitable reward
will be given to those who provide
information about the culprits.
(Dread-filled score)
(News report continues)
Is she the girl?
Yeah.
Shall I enforce the Garuda Force?
(Dread-filled score swells)
Ask them to shoot here.
Or here.
Okay.
And find Nachiyappa.
I need him.
(Phone ringing)
(City ambience)
(Hospital monitor beeping)
(Muffled sounds echo loudly)
(Loud heartbeat)
(Loud. muffled blood flow)
(Distant chatter. ambulance siren)
(Sound of gushing blood echoes)
(Muffled sounds cease)
(Distant train rumbles)
The blood test results
show some irregularities.
We'll have to repeat the test.
(Footsteps)
Come with me for
a moment. Aunty.
Both of them got away!
Because of you!
That Sundar... Is he alive or dead?
Hey! Don't you have anything to say?
Tell Gajendran...
that I'll track them both
and catch them.
Don't do anything now!
Because of you. both of them escaped.
You're suspended!
If they talk to the media.
all of us will be in trouble.
Get your mom and go home.
Go!
Gajendran knows
what should be done.
This is a job meant for a real man!
Go now!
Jagdish!
If you hear anything
about that guy or girl.
inform me first.
Okay. sir.
(Low. menacing score)
(Contemplative music)
(Sound of gushing blood echoes)
(Vicious. pounding music)
(Joseph Dominic)
I'm Nachiyappa's family doctor.
I want to talk to him in private.
- Yes. sir.
- Thank you.
What did she do to you?
She bit you. right?
- Who are you?
- I am a doctor.
(Joseph Dominic) Huh!
(Joseph Dominic)
The infection is spreading.
Who is she?
She's no ordinary woman.
Haven't you heard of
Yakshis. Chathans. Maadans.
Odiyans and so on in our myths?
Those stories aren't just fairy tales.
These creatures live among us.
hiding in plain sight.
How do you know all this?
This is a virus infection.
The virus hasn't been identified yet.
Which means. there's no cure yet.
I'm taking some of your blood.
If fate allows. we'll meet again.
(Powerful. dark score builds)
(Music trails off)
(Chandra) The pain will subside now.
We gave you a morphine shot.
Its effect will kick in soon.
I lost a lot of my O-Negative. right?
You could have set
aside some for yourself.
I'm sorry. Sunny.
I have to leave.
Oh. no!
What about us?
You should go to the media
and tell them everything that happened.
Tell them I was the one
who killed those guys.
Just me.
And I used you to
get away from there.
(warped sound) And I used you to
What did you inject me with?
Morphine.
This is good stuff!
(Gentle music)
What?
Besides sunlight. do you have
any other weaknesses?
Yes. I do.
Heart.
Heart is the weakness.
Ah...
If my heart stops. I will die.
If you bite me.
can I become like you?
If I bite you.
the virus inside my body will
get transmitted to your body.
It's extremely rare for the virus
to adapt to a human body.
Oh...
If it's a clean. healthy body.
it might become like mine.
(Nachiyappa vomits)
(Ominous. intense music rises)
(Chandra) But your body
isn't like that. is it?
It's all alcohol and smoke. right?
(Evil theme plays)
Within a week. a disease
like rabies will develop.
and you will die.
(Evil theme intensifies)
(Chandra) Moreover.
it will be a painful death.
(Unsettling music)
(Phone vibrates loudly)
(Loud scream)
(Phone ringing)
- Hello...
- (Policeman) Jagdish Sir?
(Policeman) We've traced the boys' numbers
and reached the location.
There's someone inside.
- Shall we go inside and look?
- Yes. do it.
I'll get Nachiyappa Sir
and come right over.
(Mysterious music)
So these Yakshis don't wear all
whites like in TV soaps. huh?
(Mysterious music)
(Dark score builds)
(Heartbeat)
(Dark score intensifies)
(Gunshot)
(Thud)
Are you okay?
Handcuff him.
Okay.
We got them. sir.
But I had to shoot the girl.
(Unsettling music)
- Hello?
- Hello...
- Tell me. sir.
Hello?
This bloody network!
What to do?
(Muffled whispering)
(Someone laughs)
(Cunning. mischievous theme)
(Cacophony of sounds)
(Snaps fingers)
(Calling from behind)
(Whistles)
(Quirky. sly score plays)
Hi!
(Maniacal laughter)
Hey. Cop!
You duffer!
(Scream)
Hello!
(Loud scream)
- Oh. no!
- I'm sorry!
It's okay.
Where are you going?
Oh. no!
Don't play with it.
It's a gun.
It will fire!
(Magazine unloads; casings rattle)
(Bullets clatter on floor)
Did I scare you?
(Gun cocks)
(Dust billows)
(Maniacal laughter)
(Laughter continues)
(Screaming in fear)
(Screaming continues)
What are you looking at?
Hey. where are you?
I can't see you!
I'm right in front of you!
All I see around me is myself!
What are you saying?
(Loud rumbling)
There's someone here!
Who?!
Hey! He is a magician!
Who are you talking about?
- It's me!
- Who is it?
Somebody save me!
Help me!
(Policeman sobs)
(Whoosh sound)
Help me!
(Mysterious music)
(Mouth clicks; imitates gun)
(Quirky. sly score plays)
Where are you?
Come out. you scoundrel!
I'm right here. boy!
(Laughs loudly)
(Funky. cunning melody)
Hasta la vista. policeman!
(Mimics gunfire)
(Gunshot)
(Pigeons flutter away)
(Continuous gunfire)
How cool was that?
(Flesh squelches)
(Painful groan)
(Policeman sobs)
I'll come to you.
You fool! Don't pull that out.
Your femoral artery has been cut.
So. there will be blood loss.
You'll have a heart attack and die!
Oh. you understand Malayalam?
Go to a hospital.
Weak opponents!
- (Naijil) Who's this?
- (Venu) Oh no!
(Naijil) Hello. bro!
(Naijil) Has he gone cuckoo?
- Who is it?
- I have no clue!
(Tense music)
Neeli...
(Uplifting. redemptive theme)
(Chandra breathes)
(Painful groan)
(Moving score plays)
Hi!
I missed you.
(Low rumble; distant heartbeats)
(Tongue clicks)
There's someone else out there.
Who's that?
(Sinister score)
(Cacophony of unsettling sounds)
- Yes... Tell me.
- Madam.
Nachiyappa Sir is acting weird.
(On phone) Where are you guys?
(Jagdish) I'll send
the location. Ma'am.
Okay. Send me the location.
I'll come.
(Jagdish) Okay. Madam.
(Chandra) Sunny. let's go.
(Sinister score)
(Car starts)
(Engine revs loudly)
(Car drives away)
(Nachiyappa coughs)
What is it?
He is becoming like me.
(Deep. unsettling score thunders)
Sir...
Please help me. sir!
(Disturbing score)
(Powerful. unnerving music roars)
(Whistling)
(Door opens)
(Whistling continues)
(Michael) Shut that door.
Johnny!
You have guests!
Where did he go?
(Door closes)
- (Sunny) Why are we here?
- (Venu) I have no idea. dude!
Prakash had called.
He wants you to call him back.
(Whistling continues)
(Phone rings)
Chandra...
(Naijil) What in the world
is happening here?
(Naijil) Who's this fancy-pants?
Dude!
(Quick whoosh)
I'm a God. Dude.
(Chandra) Nachiyappa...
He is infected.
I'll leave once I handle that.
You can't handle him alone.
He is a fresh convert.
(Prakash) He will be too powerful.
(Prakash) You won't
stand a chance alone.
(Music evokes deep dread)
Who did this?
(Visceral. disturbing music plays)
(Prakash) There's a lookout notice for you.
accusing you of being a terrorist.
If you get exposed.
it will be a big problem.
(Prakash) And regarding Nachiyappa...
Moothon will handle it later.
Kumar will meet you there
with your new passport and ticket.
You need to leave immediately.
The longer you wait.
the riskier it will get.
Okay.
How is that boy doing?
(Prakash) He is okay. right?
He is okay.
Stay in the basement for now.
Don't come out until Kumar arrives.
Hey Neeli...
Oh. sunlight!
(Sunny) Where is he taking us?
- (Naijil) Is this the real Devil's Kitchen?
- (Michael) Guys!
I'll be downstairs.
Huh! Steps?
(Door opens)
(Mysterious music)
[NEELI]
Who is that?
His family...
has helped me a lot.
(Epic music starts powerfully)
(Sacred. arcane music swells)
(Sunny groans)
(Venu) Huh?
(Venu) Oh! Blood!
(Venu) I can't look at it.
My head will start spinning!
(Venu) Oh God!
(Loud. unearthly screech)
(Heroic. enigmatic music swells)
(Venu) Dude. something happened here.
(Sunny) Oh no!
(Venu) Walk fast.
(Majestic score; sense of mystery)
Hey!
Sorry. sorry. sorry!
- Peeping. huh?
- I didn't mean to!
Naijil...
Who is this Curious George?
Go!
Go on. go!
- (Venu) Come here!
- (Naijil) Dude. there's a barbarian in there.
(Naijil) It's not just the two of them.
There are many more!
(Sunny) Wouldn't...
sunlight be a problem
for Nachiyappa?
He is a fresh convert.
Sunlight isn't an issue
in the initial years.
As we grow older.
it becomes a problem.
Oh.
What will we do now?
He's bad news.
If he becomes like you.
wouldn't that be a problem?
(Door opens)
(Venu) Chathan bro!
(Mischievous music)
Keep this with you...
in case of emergency!
(Michael) Charlie is in the other room.
Didn't you see him?
(Michael) I'll leave with him.
Hey...
Shall I leave?
I have a babysitting assignment.
If you insist. I'll stay.
No need.
Okay.
So...
No farewells after dark.
See you;
unless death do us apart.
(Loud. sharp slap)
- Boys!
- Yes...
- Keep this with you.
- Okay.
You will need it.
Another thing...
Get away from her
at the earliest.
- It's not safe.
- (Venu) Oh. is it?
- (Venu) I felt so too!
- Especially for you!
(Venu) Okay. Chetta.
(Mysterious music intensifies)
(Bulbs flickering)
(Sharp whoosh)
(Chathan's sneaky theme)
Where did Chathan bro go?
Dude...
Will we die today?
Shut up. you idiot!
(Suspenseful music)
(HOLY GRAIL CAFE)
(Bats screeching)
(Switch clicks on)
What happened?
Come and sit here.
I want to talk to you.
(Startling growl)
Look at my eyes.
They've changed. haven't they?
(Indistinct sounds)
Did you hear that just now?
I can hear things
you can't hear.
That b**** tried to kill me today.
She fired three shots at me.
(Continuous gunfire)
But on my body?
Not a single mark.
(Low. dread-filled score)
Do you get what I'm saying or not?
How do I make you understand?
But one thing is certain.
Nobody can kill me!
I don't need to fear a damn soul.
But...
Everyone should fear me!
Remember...
what Dad used to say?
Fear...
is the foundation of respect.
That respect...
turns into devotion.
Now. I am like God.
(Deep. terrifying music swells)
From this moment on.
I am invincible.
(Deep. terrifying music swells)
Mom!
If I am God.
then you are the mother of God.
You should always be with me.
(Deep. terrifying music swells)
(Music fades out)
This guy... I...
- He looks like me--
- He was my boyfriend.
It was a long time ago.
In 1905.
I really loved him.
(Gentle. soft music)
And then?
There was another man
like Nachiyappa then.
A British soldier.
That soldier crept up behind me
and shot me.
He stepped in front of me.
shielding me.
- And... And then?
- He died.
Oh!
And I couldn't do a thing.
That guilt still haunts me.
(Reassuring. gentle score)
Chandra...
(Johnny) One minute.
The situation is more
complicated than we thought.
One of the guys you killed...
Sundar...
He is the younger brother of a gangster
turned politician called Gajendran.
A very powerful.
very influential man.
He is hell-bent on killing you.
It's personal for him.
He spoke with the Home Minister
and the plan is to deploy
an anti-terrorist squad
called the Garuda Force.
These guys are also at risk.
Prakash will come.
I had called him.
Let's decide what
to do after he arrives.
Okay.
(Tense music)
(Dog howling)
(Ground cracks)
(Deep. unnerving music plays)
(Jagdish's message)
(Music fades out)
(On phone) The boy and the girl
are at Holy Grail.
(On phone) The Minister has
deployed the Garuda Force
claiming they're terrorists.
But the Garuda Force shouldn't
capture either of them alive.
Kill Nachiyappa too!
(Low. dread-filled score)
(Siren wails)
Come on. move! Move!
Come on! Fast!
Get off!
Come on! Come on!
Go! Go! Go!
Move! Move! Move!
Come on! Come on!
(Door opens)
Chandra Akka!
(Kumar) The Police are here!
(Tense music)
The police are everywhere.
(Johnny) They have set up
barricades too.
The Commando force
has also arrived.
(Johnny) Chandra. if you escape
from here alone.
(Johnny) they will catch Sunny.
(Siren wails)
(Door opens)
(Tense music)
(Case opens)
(Low guitar riff intensifies)
(Gun cocks)
(Case closes)
Where are you going. Chandra?
No matter what happens.
don't come out.
(Brooding epic score escalates)
(Commando) Chandra! You are surrounded!
(Commando) Surrender now and
there will be no trouble.
Come out with your hands in the air.
(Commando) The Garuda Force is
all around the building.
(Commando) There is no way out!
If you don't comply.
(Commando) we will force our way in
and we will open fire!
(Commando) This is the last warning!
Three... Two... and One!
(Door bursts open)
Smoke in!
Copy!
Hold position.
Perimeter still secure.
No movement from windows.
♪ Hearken. O dwellers.
Both wise and fair ♪
♪ Maidens. lift up thy voices.
Swift be thy prayer ♪
♪ From heav'n afar.
As guests they fell ♪
Suspect is armed.
in sight.
10 metres. direct front.
Alpha. you're clear to fire.
I repeat. clear to fire.
Fire!
(Gunshot)
- Huh!
- Oh no!
(Bottle shatters)
(Continuous gunfire)
(Bullets clatter on floor)
(Soft footsteps)
(Gunshot)
(Music wails like siren)
(Continuous gunfire)
(Bullet whizzes)
♪ Maidens. lift up thy voices.
Swift be thy prayer ♪
(Gunshot)
♪ From heav'n afar.
As guests they fell ♪
(Glass shatters)
(Tense music)
(Jeep brakes hard)
- (Naijil) Don't go there!
- (Venu) Where is he going?
Hey!
(Deep. low rumbling sound)
(Gunshots)
(Continuous gunfire)
(Vomiting blood)
(Painful groan)
(Pounding heartbeat grows faint)
Go!
- (Venu) Sunny. don't stay there.
- (Naijil) Come here!
(Pounding heartbeat grows faint)
(Deep. unnerving music plays)
(Packet slides)
(Music swells gradually)
(Continuous gunfire)
(Painful groan)
(Gunfire continues)
(Uplifting music swells)
♪ Hearken. O dwellers.
Both wise and fair ♪
(Score builds in intensity)
(Music rises powerfully)
(Unsettling sound)
(Low. resonant rumble echoes)
(Footsteps)
(Sinister score)
Hey!
I know it.
We are not the
only ones like this.
That guy in the clinic.
and many more. right?
(Nachiyappa) So. there are others.
(Nachiyappa) In that case.
there must be one who
leads you all. right?
I want to see him.
(Low. resonant rumble echoes)
(Rapid. pulsing beat starts)
So... heart is the weakness. isn't it?
(Combat breaks out)
(Combat continues)
(Wall cracks)
(Loud. discordant music swells)
Call your leader. Chandra!
(Loud. chaotic. disturbing score)
(Combat continues)
(Whoosh)
(Sink shatters)
(Maniacal laughter)
(Sounds of fierce brawl)
(Nachiyappa's maniacal laughter)
(Nachiyappa laughs. Chandra groans)
(Combat continues)
(Nachiyappa's maniacal laughter)
(Painful groan)
(Music swells with emotion)
(Glass shatters)
(Skin sizzling)
(Chandra's groans intensify)
(Chandra screams)
(Screaming continues)
(Nachiyappa) I've always known
I was destined to rule.
This was no coincidence.
It was inevitable.
I am going to forge
my own empire.
If anyone stands in my way.
(Chandra groans)
I will annihilate them!
(Chandra screams)
(Gunshot)
(Enigmatic score swells)
(Continuous gunfire)
(Gunshot)
(Triumphant score builds)
(Passionate. stirring music)
Naijil...
(Ominous music)
(Sharp whoosh)
(Eerie score)
Let him go.
This guy...?
I want only you!
At least. in order to save you.
your people will come. won't they?
They will come...
to kill you!
To kill me?
Why?
I am one of you now.
(Nachiyappa) Is that why
they would kill me?
Doesn't matter whether
you're human or not.
you deserve to die!
(Dramatic music intensifies)
Sunny!!!
Venu!
(Powerful. uplifting score swells)
(Chandra screams)
(Painful groans)
(Powerful. uplifting score swells)
(Hopeful music swells)
What happened?
- Is everyone dead?
- I don't know.
No one who went in has come out.
Any media around?
No.
They're not letting anyone in.
Go in yourself!
Go and check!
(Suspenseful music)
(Tense music)
(Drawer closes)
(Lock clicks)
(Sunny) Where will you go next. Chandra?
I need to take care of
certain things here. Sunny.
I'll go after that.
(Engine revs loudly)
If I want to meet you.
I can't even call you. right?
(Car engine rumbles)
You can't.
(Gentle music)
♪ Hither. come this way ♪
I will miss you. Sunny.
You're a good person.
♪ To this very shore ♪
(Venu) Hey! Hey!
Please take me to the hospital!
(Venu) I can't bear this pain!
Oh no!
(Chandra) The morphine's effect
must have worn off.
Go quickly.
(Hopeful music swells)
♪ Ye children. scan the skies! ♪
NEELI
♪ From far. her form doth rise! ♪
KALYANI PRIYADARSHAN
NASLEN
♪ Ye children. scan the skies! ♪
SANDY
♪ From far. her form doth rise! ♪
CHANDU SALIMKUMAR.
ARUN KURIAN
VIJAYARAGHAVAN.
SARATH SABHA
TOVINO THOMAS
WITH...
(Deep. enigmatic score)
After calling us here for a
compromise talk.
where the hell is he?
He will be here soon.
(Mysterious music)
(Door closes)
(Knocking on door)
This seems like a trap.
(Low. unsettling melody)
Hey! Hey. brother!
Hey! What is it?
(Crying)
What happened to you?
Who did this to you?
I don't know who it is. Brother.
I'm really scared.
- Don't worry. I'm here.
- Get me out of here.
Brother!
- Brother!
- Wait!
Get me out of here!
(Dog barks)
Brother!
(Discordant music rises to peak)
(Signals to dog)
Hey!
Who are you?
Do you know who I am?
Brother!
Get me out of here!
He's not human!
♪ Come hither. O flame-born shaft of hell.
In fury wrought. where shadows dwell ♪
♪ O Lord of Time. whose vengeance flows.
Thou tearest the bowels of thy foes ♪
♪ O Primordial spirit ♪
♪ Omnipresent and eternal ♪
(Swords clashing)
♪ O Primordial spirit ♪
♪ Omnipresent and eternal ♪
(Thud)
(Continuous gunfire.
bullets ricocheting)
(Loud rumbling)
(Stabbing sound)
(Continuous gunfire)
(Scream)
Brother!
(Discordant sound swells. peaks)
(Painful groan)
Who... Who are you?
(Score builds to powerful peak)
Your nemesis!
(Dramatic score peaks)
♪ Hearken. O dwellers.
Both wise and fair ♪
♪ Maidens. lift up thy voices.
Swift be thy prayer ♪
♪ From heav'n afar.
As guests they fell ♪
♪ Like unseen shadows
On earth to dwell ♪
♪ Lo. as birds of gold they fared.
And wandereth wide. unbound. unscared ♪
♪ Child of mine. the game doth lie.
Truth made false and false made high ♪
♪ If thine eyes in wisdom wake.
Lo. the storming bolt shall break ♪
♪ Scribe of her own rules. ♪
♪ She defies mortal laws. ♪
♪ From realms beyond.
heir to a fallen world ♪
♪ She stands at the summit. ♪
♪ The steward of our fate. ♪
♪ Her banner unites a broken world. ♪
♪ Centre of the cosmos. ♪
♪ An alchemist flying solo. ♪
♪ A mentor in times of danger. ♪
♪ No question of surrender! ♪
♪ Centre of the cosmos. ♪
♪ An alchemist flying solo. ♪
♪ A mentor in times of danger. ♪
♪ No question of surrender! ♪
(Glass clinks on table)
(Michael) How did you find me?
(Audience applauding in video)
Goodness!
This is the problem.
Whatever I do becomes viral!
I'll tell you why I
came to see you.
Here. have a look.
(Suspenseful music)
The world's longest and deepest cave.
Recently.
a group of archaeologists
entered the cave.
And along with them.
there was also a monk.
And they all went missing.
The authorities were notified.
The military got involved.
An extensive search was conducted.
But none of the archaeologists
from the team were found.
But...
they found that monk.
He went only up to a
certain point in that cave.
And he said. he had warned the others
not to go beyond that point.
We found a bag and a camera that
belonged to one of the archaeologists.
Only a single image was
captured by that camera.
Swipe.
(Intense. terrifying music swells)
Can I confirm...
it's not you in that image?
If I were to tell you
that I have 389 siblings
who look exactly like me.
would you believe me?
(Epic score intensifies)
THE CHATHANS ARE ON THEIR WAY
(Music fades out)
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org